Imagine you're one of the top ui/ux designer and t he best coder when it comes front and backend and functionality in general. 

Home/Dashboard
Perhaps we can change the name of the name of the home? to dashboard as it is more appropriate to do so?
As we can see on the dashboard, we have
WElcome 
Belson Gabriel
Date and time
and new request + schedule

and on the quick actions we hae nre request, schedule, and my requests

these are all fine however it doesn't feel needed as we already have new request and schedule on the header thing or whatever its called?

also perhaps we can add the MSEUF logo here somewhere? or on the login screen actually? you'll find it on the original travilink folder:  location: C:\Users\CATHY\Documents\Travilink(repo)\TraviLink

On the quck actions, perhaps we can put like drivers instead? like the available drivers? maybe we don't need quick actions because its already on other sections? perhaps you can suggest something that'll help us on this? but perhaps seeing the available drivers is better because it feels unnecessary. also we can remove the capacity as it is not needed anymore i think. entirely remove that. let's make this mobile dashboard really useful so let's probably add a twist to it (like the suggestion i told you) how about quick actions but we can quick access the feedback? now think of other ideas to add. also maybe we can add analytics? but maybe not for now but lets keep this idea in the future. 



nav Sidebar:
perhaps we can make that like the ms teams picture i sent you? (refer to the second screenshot) like its the user's picture and they can turn notifications on and off, also remove notifications there as we already have ab utton for it on the top right, perhaps we can make the availability of the user either busy, off work or on leave or something online you be the one to decide that.  you dont need to entirely copy it as that would be bad but maybe add a twist to it or make it travilink special? just ake it like a profile button. also the aniation is till rather wonky so can we please work on that? now. on the bottom navbar:

Bottom Navbar:
good job we finally fixed it and i like the design. can we perhaps add an animation to it when you click on to different navbar items the red line thingy switches smoothly like left to right and stuff? also let's make the hirerachy like: home, calendar, request, "my requests" (lets change that as it might be confusing, like change the wording) and more. if you can add anything els e in terms of design then please just do so. 

Request: 
C:\Users\CATHY\Documents\Travilink(repo)\TraviLink 

read everything there and take your time doing so as we will be taking the idea of making a request entirely like that. you be the judge on how we transfer that to the mobile but please just make the flow and logic ENTIRELY the same and make sure that it can connect to the database and the supabase and the entirety of travilink so far. 

Calendar:i hink i'm pretty satisfied with how things are in calendar however on the year, the legends or whatever it's called are too far at the bottom perhaps we can put them slightly just below the last 3 months so the there's no dead space there. if we can add anything more here then please just do so.

my requests: i think the filter is rather not useful? find a way we can use filter better? as its hard? also there is a "Live" green pill i don't know if that's necessary-- if not remove it; if it is then leave it there. 

More: It says that i'm a student even though i'm a head so thats rather weird? Also the texts aren't really aligned compared to the others so please fix that too. I like it that you included the roles. perhaps in the profile we can edi our profile? like take inspiration from the travilink web: C:\Users\CATHY\Documents\Travilink(repo)\TraviLink also, i have a picture on travilink mobile so can we also make it so that it reflects on the mobile? please thank you. make sure we're fetching everything okay? please thank you. 

also when you're in the profile you lose the navbar which i think doesn't make sense? so maybe do something bout that. 

Vehicles: 
The vehicles view is way too high up like its cramped so make it responsive. perhaps we can add a search and add something interactive here or something it looks too plain and boring?

Drivers: unmatched route page could not be found: same error when you go to help and support i think so please do something about that. 

More: perhaps we can add some things here like the vehicles, drivers, and such? make have their own boxes and icons maybe feedback too you decide. whatever it isn't deemed redundant and can be useful on more. if you have anything more to add on more then please just do so.

Overall: now that nearly everything is working can we just add a few details: perhaps unthinked of functionalities, patching up mistakes, holes, improving design, clarity, and mostly user experience. let's maek this mobile app worth using as we want our users to not only juse use the web; but also this application. I don't want this app that we're making go to waste. Like make it so that "i know i can do it in web, but doing it on mobile is more fun, easier, and it's also intuitive!" like that. if you can add animations and such then please do so. apply every knowledge when it comes to coding, ui + ux and everything you know here so you can absolutely make the best mobile application! let's overhaul and finally finish this final stretch! if you have anything more to add-- 
then please just do so as you see fit just make sure that it still has the travilink core and essence. you are free to make your own changes, additions, modifications, and suggestions! just dont break anything. thank you so much! 

refer to the pictures i sent you too, and don't forget travilink web:C:\Users\CATHY\Documents\Travilink(repo)\TraviLink

take your time in doing everything here. it doesn't matter how long it takes. deeply analyze travilink-mobile and travilink web. thank you very much!

things missing: feedback